maleficent is a powerful fairy living in
the moors
a magical forest realm bordering a human
kingdom
as a young girl maleficent meets and
falls in love with a human peasant boy
named stefan
on maleficent's 16th birthday he gives
her what he calls a true love's kiss
but that was not to be his love is
overshadowed by ambition
and as they grow older the two grow
apart and maleficent becomes protector
of the moors
when king henry tries to conquer the
moors maleficent mortally wounds him
forcing his retreat as he lies dying
he declares that whoever kills
maleficent will be named his successor
and marry his daughter
stefan visits maleficent in the moors
and drugs her
but is unable to bring himself to kill
her
instead he severs her wings using iron
which is lethal to fairies
and presents them to the king devastated
by stefan's betrayal
maleficent turns the moors into a dark
kingdom and transforms a raven named
diaval to serve her after saving his
life
after some time diaval informs
maleficent that king stefan's newborn
daughter
aurora is being christened vengeful
maleficent arrives uninvited and curses
the infant princess
on her 16th birthday she will prick her
finger on a spinning wheel spindle and
fall into a permanent sleep
maleficent mocks stefan's plea for mercy
but offers an antidote
the curse can be broken by true love's
kiss which maleficent
and stefan believe is non-existent
stefan sends aurora away to live with
three pixies not grass
this luit and flittle to protect her
until the day after her 16th birthday
he destroys every spinning wheel in the
kingdom and hides their remnants in the
castle dungeon
stefan sends his armies to find and kill
maleficent
but she surrounds the moors with an
impenetrable wall of thorns to protect
herself and the moore's inhabitants from
the soldiers
in trying to prevent the curse stefan
slips into madness and paranoia
even neglecting to see his wife on her
deathbed
maleficent finds the pixies and aurora's
residents
as the years pass maleficent watches
aurora grow from afar and gradually
begins to care for her when the bumbling
and neglectful pixies fail to properly
look after her
when aurora is 15 she encounters
maleficent
aware she is being watched over aurora
believes maleficent to be her fairy
godmother
maleficent realizes that she cares for
the girl and unsuccessfully attempts to
undo the curse
but it is unbreakable other than by true
love's kiss
meanwhile in the forest aurora meets a
young prince named philip
and the two are attracted to each other
on the day before aurora's 16th birthday
aurora tells maleficent that she would
like to live with her in the moors
when aurora returns to the cottage the
pixies inadvertently tell aurora of her
past and maleficent's true identity
aurora runs to her father's castle upset
that maleficent had never told her about
the curse
to protect aurora stefan locks her in a
room while plotting to kill maleficent
but the curse's power draws aurora to
the dungeon
aurora pricks her finger on a spindle
and falls into a deep sleep
fulfilling the curse maleficent intent
on saving her
abducts philip and infiltrates stefan's
castle
phillips kiss fails to awaken aurora
finally regretting her past mistakes
maleficent tearfully apologizes to
aurora and kisses her for it
aurora awakens as maleficent's motherly
feelings for her god-daughter count as
true love
as maleficent and aurora attempt to
leave stefan and his guards ambush them
an iron net is dropped on maleficent
maleficent transforms diaval into a
dragon
who battles stefan's guards but he is
eventually captured
as well before stefan delivers the fatal
blow
aurora finds maleficent's caged wings
and releases them
they fly to maleficent and reattach
themselves
maleficent carries stefan to the top of
the castle's highest tower
but cannot bring herself to kill him
however
stefan attacks maleficent as she turns
away and they both plummet from the
tower
entwined maleficent opens her wings and
stefan loses his grip
falling to his death in the end
maleficent returns the moors to its
former glory
and gives away her position to aurora
who is crowned queen of the moors to
unite the two kingdoms forever
[Music]
so
you